---
layout: post
title: 
---
## Right now I'm...




hi, 

i am going through a period of intensive spiritual formation from oct 2018 - sept 2019. i am taking this time now because i believe that it is part of my work in this age to hold and make space for meaning-making in our increasingly chaotic world. my capacity to hold that space is directly linked to depth of my leadership. in order to say yes to my spiritual development, i am saying no almost everything that i am not currently committed to. you can see this list of existing commitments on my now page(). 


current commitments:

* friends and niblings (
* communities of practice: evolutionary leadership, consultant coffee, the upstarts
* boards: RESIST, FII
* art: calligraphy, knitting, where's patriarchy?

---

* traveling and/or offline a lot:
    - **personal retreat** 31 dec 2018 - 5 jan 2019. secret location in boston.
    - **[css](https://www.storybasedstrategy.org/) staff retreat** 6-12 jan. SF, oakland, and santa cruz.
    - **facilitation gig and visit to old mentees** 16-21 jan. denver, co.
    - **facilitation gig and visit to place of ancestor** 23-26 jan. charleston, sc.
* the above travel means i'm not really doing anything other than working, traveling, rituals, and trying to keep my life together.
* changing the structure of my now page so that i can make updates more regularly instead of feeling like i'll have to update _allllll_ these things. i think that means i need to separate my habits into a page and what i'm consuming onto a different page.
* getting ready to dive head-first into phase 2 of the formation project (link with detail coming soon).
* learning so much about tarot.
* trying to see if i can copy alex soto's [now page](https://dynamicmetaflow.github.io/now/) template...

---

but i couldn't resist a few quick reading updates:

* binti: the night masquerade
* difficult conversations
* a friend's book draft (!!!)
* the fifth season